[Music]
hello I'm Matt Simmons and welcome to
The Apprentice meet the candidates once
again the greatest business minds in
Britain have put themselves forward for
the ultimate investment opportunity and
there is only one person that Lord Sugar
trusts to conduct those interviews sadly
men are available so instead I've
grabbed the audition tapes and creating
my own alternative interviews
okay Karina let's start with some poetry
what have you got for me pocket rocket
it's what I used to be called in M&S
pocket rocket you don't really wanna
mess that was almost a Shakespearean
sonnet
why pocket rocket when I take my heels
off um like five foot one tell me about
it
I seem as though I have had everything
handed to me on a spoon a spoon sounds
like a bit of a struggle people normally
at least get it handed them on a plate
I mean how much could you even fit on a
spoon I really haven't that isn't the
case yeah yeah but look look I managed
to get two eggs balanced perfectly on
top of the spoon this is incredible I
think I'll just keep spouting some
generic apprentice audition nonsense and
I'll focus on this as Shakespeare said
though she be but little she is fierce
and I really AM great but look I've
managed to get a pineapple on there too
I'm not here to be the queen of a jungle
I'm here to be the queen of a business
empire yes you're but is this not the
most amazing thing you've ever seen if
you don't want a brutal answer don't ask
a stupid question okay Dean so if you
could begin by saying anything that
doesn't start with the phrase at the end
of the day that would be ideal at the
end of the day if I've got my view I'm
gonna make sure it's gonna be heard Dean
it was almost perfect we just lit up at
the beginning there didn't you by saying
at the end of the day you want to try
again at the end of the day I'm
confident in what I do my skill set and
what I have done I'm not confident that
you can stop starting sentences with the
phrase at the end of the day so Mary Ann
what piece of advice do you live your
life by anybody that comes into your
house you have to offer them tea you're
right how rude of me would you like some
tea yeah but you just suggest that I
offer you one you're not supposed to say
yes when somebody offers you tea yeah
right but do you want a tea yeah so
shall I pour you one yeah I'm confused
yeah
supposed to say no and then let them
insist okay let me insist again would
you like a cup of tea
so I'm considering all of the all the
pros cons and and long-term effects
short-term effects of the things that
I'm thinking about doing but I'm doing
it very very quickly and I make a
decision okay so your answer is this is
easy I could do this tea thing finally
it's gone cold hi my name is Solomon bar
and I'm eight I'd offer you some tea
about given up why try at all if you're
not gonna do it properly
make sure you analyze everything do
everything to the tea just like how it's
supposed to be done and you will get a
good end out of it oh sure now
everyone's a tea expert what do you know
about success anyway I've won a gold
medal in Brazil in the Junior 100 meters
11 seconds so I'm currently training for
the Tokyo 2020 Paralympics okay well I
recently won an egg and spoon race today
I'm Batman yeah I've got a Mercedes
coupe here today okay I think you'll
find that I'm Batman
and I actually arrived in a Nissan Cube
anyway tell me more about you I'll shake
your hand my right bro hotter optimally
because I don't trust anyone
yeah well little did you know that
Batman always keeps a piece of paper in
his left hand and paper beats Rock
Batman winds-day if I'm me my whole time
I know that I'm gonna succeed in
business well in this environment Dean
you're not succeeding are you and the
one very simple thing I've asked you to
do so try again and the other day I've
got a proven track record of what I've
done
oh okay we're gonna try this one more
time just try and say any sentence that
doesn't start with the phrase at the end
of the day at the end of the day in
business if you chase money you're never
gonna get money okay okay Pablo what do
you think has been missing from your
life I don't think I've been tested okay
well I think I can help with that
question one in 1996 what Celine Dion
track reach number six in the UK chart
all by myself
correct what does the acronym wysiwyg
stand for what you see is what you get
correct
how quickly can you solve
three anagram conundrums I have
determination drive and resilient was
quick you're good at this name is Thomas
Skinner my age is 28 years old and I
sell pillars
well what stroking luck Thomas together
because I'm actually building an archway
in my house at the moment and I need a
load of pillars to help hold it up how
many he got we've done 6,000 pillars in
the last kind of months which ain't to
say oh there's a lot of pillars have you
been building a Colosseum how sturdy are
they they're a hundred percent memory
foam hmm what doesn't seem very
structurally sound
look my I don't think you right there
just double-check you definitely sell
pillars if I sell myself okay I'm a bit
confused just to check do you sell
anything else with these pillars I sell
pillows and mattresses yeah that's me
Lubner tell me about you I'm a very
direct and honest person
me too in fact I was saying exactly the
same thing on my Instagram earlier I'm
not a follower you're missing out I
don't like other people wasting my time
it's a bit rude exactly you don't want
to see top quality online content it
depends on the situation and the person
the situation is a man image break the
world record for the fastest consume
pint of milk and the man is me they will
be hiccups we'll see about that
[Music]
Lord Sugar likes a multitasker
show me how would you brush your teeth
and waft away a wasp at exactly the same
time well here we are again gem Lin and
I'll be honest I'm starting concerned
I've lost my edge when it comes to
interviewing apprentice candidates don't
worry you'll be fine
I very much appreciate that any advice
be kind but is gonna be a challenge
anything else
fight for whatever you want to leave for
this is empowering stuff and just be
awesome
love yourself with everything everything
that you have yeah I can only only have
a Vespa Nanna Dean I'm begging you just
one sentence one sentence that doesn't
start with the phrase at the end of the
day one at the end of the day I'm a
person I'm Who I am and I think from a
young age I've always been a very pure
entrepreneur just one sentence well I am
really the epitome of I like to think of
luxury finally someone on my level tell
me more about you I would say that I am
the David Dickens Dickenson David
Dickinson of business that's funny
because I would say you're the Michael
McIntyre of this room come I'll feel a
chocolate I will eat anything that comes
in my way in order to get what I want
and I'm not afraid to make a few noises
if I'm not happy okay maybe later okay
I share a few quickfire questions what
do you wish you could change about
yourself I think it's quite a weird
thing to say but I'd wish I could be
less driven maybe it's time to stop
taking taxis what advice would you give
to someone facing a shark attack if they
see weakness in you they're gonna try
and bring you down wise words finally in
your opinion what are the best two ways
to heat up food microwaves or hair
dryers finally someone who understands
fine cuisine my name is Luis than 28 and
I currently work as a digital marketing
manager okay Louis well you should know
that we only have one rule in this room
so why are you right for this process
Luis is a guy who just doesn't want to
grow up but he wants to be successful
he's passionate and driven he's gonna
get where he's going but he's not gonna
do the same way as everyone else next at
the end of the day you just got to keep
fighting and that's what I'm gonna keep
doing until I win this process Dean
please just one sentence any other day
certainly gonna comment but what's the
expression Scarlett I'm ideally looking
for a candidate who rhymes all of their
sentences are you up to the job kind of
in it to win it good start but do you
think you've got the right energy for
this process well your emotions go your
energy will flow you are good at this it
says here that you've got two kids that
write it called the trio sometimes the
3a when it comes to rhyme you are
sublime it's rubbing off I would say I
am too competitive at times me too what
have you competed in Iran me to plead
football me to plead cricket me too I'll
tell you what if you're so competitive I
challenge you to a dance-off see oh yeah
I see you also all about those shoulders
are the old toner bowl a birthday
present
listen this is too close we need to
settle this some other way challenge me
to something how quickly can you eat
very quickly boggle whoa what is this
alcohol infused ice cream delicious so
there you have it another bunch of
business brains ready to turn up with
their tiny suitcases and walk
inconsiderately across the bridges of
London make sure you catch them in
action when The Apprentice returns I
can't wait